<h2>Transfer File Program Protocol</h2>
When run the transfer file program, the client could first see the question about whether the client has an account. If type "yes", the client could see the question asking username and password. If the username exists and the password is matching the password stored in the server. The client could successfully log in. 
Otherwise, the client could see the question of registering username and password. Both the username and password information could be stored in the server. After registering the account successfully, the client could log in. 
After login successfully, the client could see the server ip address and connect to the server. After connecting the server, the client can see commands line hint to show all active registered client name. After run the commands, the client could see the list and type the client name who will receive the file.
The client then can get the hint and run a command to get a list of files that they can transfer. The file then will be transferred to the server and server will transfer the file to the other chosen client. There is an encryption channel on top that will encrypt that file that is being transferred.
Based on whether the file has been successfully transferred or not, the client who requests that transfer will get a message stating if it has been delivered or not. 
And if the file has been successfully transferred, the client who will receive the file will receive a message shows there is a file from "username" and ask the client to enter a filename for the incoming file. And there is a message of "file has been received successfully" will show up.
